# How Deployments Work

## What Is a Deployment(什么是Deployment)

OKD deployments provide fine-grained management over common user applications. They are described using three separate API objects:

```text
OKD部署提供对常见用户应用程序的细粒度管理。 它们使用三个独立的API对象进行描述：
```

* A deployment configuration, which describes the desired state of a particular component of the application as a pod template.

```text
部署配置，它将应用程序的特定组件的所需状态描述为pod模板。
```

* One or more replication controllers, which contain a point-in-time record of the state of a deployment configuration as a pod template.

```text
一个或多个复制控制器，其中包含作为pod模板的部署配置状态的时间点记录。
```

* One or more pods, which represent an instance of a particular version of an application.

```text
一个或多个pod，表示特定版本的应用程序的实例。
```

Users do not need to manipulate replication controllers or pods owned by deployment configurations. The deployment system ensures changes to deployment configurations are propagated appropriately. If the existing deployment strategies are not suited for your use case and you have the need to run manual steps during the lifecycle of your deployment, then you should consider creating a custom strategy.

```text
用户无需操作部署配置所拥有的复制控制器或Pod。 部署系统确保适当地传播对部署配置的更改。 如果现有部署策略不适合您的用例，并且您需要在部署的生命周期中运行手动步骤，那么您应该考虑创建自定义策略。
```

When you create a deployment configuration, a replication controller is created representing the deployment configuration’s pod template. If the deployment configuration changes, a new replication controller is created with the latest pod template, and a deployment process runs to scale down the old replication controller and scale up the new replication controller.

```text
创建部署配置时，将创建表示部署配置的pod模板的复制控制器。如果部署配置发生更改，则会使用最新的pod模板创建新的复制控制器，并运行部署过程以缩小旧的复制控制器并扩展新的复制控制器。
```

Instances of your application are automatically added and removed from both service load balancers and routers as they are created. As long as your application supports graceful shutdown when it receives the TERM signal, you can ensure that running user connections are given a chance to complete normally.

```text
应用程序的实例会在创建时自动添加和删除服务负载平衡器和路由器。只要您的应用程序在收到TERM信号时支持正常关闭，您就可以确保正在运行的用户连接有机会正常完成。
```

Features provided by the deployment system:

```text
部署系统提供的功能：
```

* A deployment configuration, which is a template for running applications.

```text
部署配置，是运行应用程序的模板。
```

* Triggers that drive automated deployments in response to events.

```text
触发自动部署以响应事件的触发器。
```

* User-customizable strategies to transition from the previous version to the new version. A strategy runs inside a pod commonly referred as the deployment process.

```text
用户可自定义的策略，从先前版本过渡到新版本。 策略在通常称为部署过程的pod中运行。
```

* A set of hooks for executing custom behavior in different points during the lifecycle of a deployment.

```text
一组钩子，用于在部署的生命周期中的不同点执行自定义行为。
```

* Versioning of your application in order to support rollbacks either manually or automatically in case of deployment failure.

```text
对应用程序进行版本控制，以便在部署失败时手动或自动支持回滚。
```

* Manual replication scaling and autoscaling.

```text
手动复制缩放和自动缩放。
```

## Creating a Deployment Configuration(创建一个部署配置)

Deployment configurations are deploymentConfig OKD API resources which can be managed with the oc command like any other resource. The following is an example of a deploymentConfig resource:

```text
部署配置是deploymentConfig OKD API资源，可以像使用任何其他资源一样使用oc命令进行管理。 以下是deploymentConfig资源的示例：
```

    kind: "DeploymentConfig"
    apiVersion: "v1"
    metadata:
        name: "frontend"
    spec:
        template: (1)
            metadata:
            labels:
                name: "frontend"
            spec:
            containers:
                - name: "helloworld"
                image: "openshift/origin-ruby-sample"
                ports:
                    - containerPort: 8080
                    protocol: "TCP"
        replicas: 5 (2)
        triggers:
            - type: "ConfigChange" (3)
            - type: "ImageChange" (4)
            imageChangeParams:
                automatic: true
                containerNames:
                    - "helloworld"
                from:
                    kind: "ImageStreamTag"
                    name: "origin-ruby-sample:latest"
        strategy: (5)
            type: "Rolling"
        paused: false (6)
        revisionHistoryLimit: 2 (7)
        minReadySeconds: 0 (8)

(1)The pod template of the frontend deployment configuration describes a simple Ruby application.

(2)There will be 5 replicas of frontend.

(3)A configuration change trigger causes a new replication controller to be created any time the pod template changes.

(4)An image change trigger trigger causes a new replication controller to be created each time a new version of the origin-ruby-sample:latest image stream tag is available.

(5)The Rolling strategy is the default way of deploying your pods. May be omitted.

(6)Pause a deployment configuration. This disables the functionality of all triggers and allows for multiple changes on the pod template before actually rolling it out.

(7)Revision history limit is the limit of old replication controllers you want to keep around for rolling back. May be omitted. If omitted, old replication controllers will not be cleaned up.

(8)Minimum seconds to wait (after the readiness checks succeed) for a pod to be considered available. The default value is 0.

```text
（1）前端部署配置的pod模板描述了一个简单的Ruby应用程序。

（2）前端将有5个复制品。

（3）配置更改触发器会在pod模板更改时创建新的复制控制器。

（4）每当新版本的origin-ruby-sample：latest image stream标签可用时，图像更改触发器触发器都会创建一个新的复制控制器。

（5）滚动策略是部署pod的默认方式。 可以省略。

（6）暂停部署配置。 这会禁用所有触发器的功能，并允许在实际将其推出之前对pod模板进行多次更改。

（7）修订历史记录限制是您希望保留以进行回滚的旧复制控制器的限制。 可以省略。 如果省略，则不会清除旧的复制控制器。

（8）等待的最小秒数（在准备就绪检查成功之后），认为某个容器可用。 默认值为0。
```